<ui:composition template="template.xhtml"
	 xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"   
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
      
<ui:define name="title">
    Music Manager Terms of Service
</ui:define>

<ui:define name="content"> 
	<div class="container">
   		<div class="jumbotron">
	      <h2>Terms of Service</h2>
	      <p>You are responsible for your use of Music Manager, 
	      for any Content you post to Music Manager, and for any consequences thereof.
	      The Content you submit, post, or display will be able to be viewed by other
	      users of Music Manager, therefore Music Manager cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any Content.<br/><br/>
	      Music Manager and it's authors disagree with any Content posted and expressly disclaims any liability related to the Content.<br/><br/>
	      You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others
	      under these Terms.</p><br/>
	      <h3>Don't Cross the Line</h3>
	      <p>Respect copyright. Only upload sounds that you made or that you are authorized to use.<br/><br/>
	      We encourage free speech and defend everyone's right to express unpopular points of view.
	      But we don't permit hate speech (speech which attacks or demeans a group based on race or
	       ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status, and sexual orientation/gender
	       identity).</p><br/>
	       <h3>Don't Hate Us</h3>
	       <p>Music Manager and it's authors expresses the right to go unpunished in case of prosecution because of some missing terms,
	       horrible content posted by horrible authors and so on.<br/>
	       </p>
	       <p><a class="btn btn-primary btn-lg" role="button" href="registration-form.jsf">I Agree &#187;</a></p>
	      <hr/>
      </div>
    </div>
</ui:define>

</ui:composition>